chore: move cli under lerna package (#1225)
webpack/webpack-cli: README.md

Otherwise `npm install --save-dev webpack-cli` or `yarn add webpack-cli --dev` will install it.

## Supported arguments and commands

> Please read [here](./packages/cli/README.md) what are the available commands and arguments.

Reviewer: Ig this statement could be rephrased somehow.

Author: Please give me a suggestion. I am not good in this :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Get to know what are the available commands and arguments [here](./packages/cli/README.md).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get to know what are the available commands and arguments [here](./packages/cli/README.md).
```
